Mother of 6-year-old with microcephaly : `` It gets better '' 
Like most six-year-olds , Edmund Picciuto loves singing , toys and , of course , his mother . 
But unlike most of his peers , Edmund has microcephaly , the result of a genetic disorder his mom Elizabeth Picciuto did n't know about while pregnant . 
When he first came home my initial thought was , I ca n't do this . 
I ca n't do this . 
I did n't sign up for this . 
Which is not true at all -- of course you sign up for it , '' she said . 
She and her husband , Vincent , were told Edmund might never recognize them , and that he might not even survive . 
Some doctors went as far as suggesting he be institutionalized . 
`` My first response was ' I did n't think people did that anymore , ' '' Picciuto explained . 
Edmund walks with the help of a walker . 
Edmund did n't sit up or crawl until he was three , and he still does n't talk . 
But he 's slowly meeting some milestones . 
He 's walking with help , and riding a bike . 
He also loves playing with his two brothers , and singing . 
Elizabeth demonstrates the sign language Edmund made up for `` please sing to me . '' 
`` We 're teaching him sign language , '' Picciuto told CBS News . 
But it 's not just typical sign language -- she says Edmund has invented some of his own signs . 
Microcephaly can arise from a number of different conditions : genetic ones like Edmund 's , and infections during pregnancy from viruses like measles and Zika . 
Symptoms and prognosis can vary widely . 
It 's too early to tell how it will affect the lives of those infected with Zika . 
Picciuto remembers the emotional toll of an uncertain future . 
I kept saying , what 's going to happen ? 
What 's going to happen ? 
And she still does n't really know . 
I actually have n't asked for a prognosis in forever , because I do n't expect anyone to really be able to tell me . 
But Picciuto has hopeful advice for the mothers of babies with birth defects from Zika . 
It gets better . 
You know it will get better for you . 
You will love your child , and your child will love you . 
